next guest is a multi-talented Oscar and
Golden Globe nominated director writer
and actor so this year gave birth to a
baby boy and a feature film all in one
push she is the writer and director of
the movie Little Women I just feel I
just feel like women be they have minds
and they have souls as well as just
hearts and they've got ambition and
they've got talent as well as just
beauty and I'm so sick of people saying
that that love is just all a woman is
fit for I'm so sick of it I'm so lonely
Little Women is in theaters now please
welcome Greta Gerwig
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh congratulations on the movie and the
baby but not in that order of course yes
baby how old is your son now he's now
nine and a half months old nine and a
half months old he's been out almost as
long as he was in now I guess huh yeah
yeah that's right because it's really
ten months they you know he's great you
know his name's Harold
his name's Harold yeah that's a great
baby no we it's a great grandfather as
you know it was it was really hot in
1917 the name Harold but we brought to
the pediatrician and she was like old
names are making it come back home
Harold do you come Harry you call him
Harold yeah well you might as well if
his name's Harold you might as well go
full on Harold
I think all babies at that age look like
Harold's you grow out of Harold and then
you grow into Harold you know yeah
there's like a 60 65 year span where
you're not very Harold E and then you
get really Harold II have to wait to
come into his own
but it's gonna be amazing yeah your
partner the baby's dad is Noah Baumbach
didn't director another great directory
I mean this kid really has got a lot of
pressure on him in fact there you guys
are together on the cover of The
Hollywood Reporter and I will see I was
looking at this it looks a little bit
like you just had a fight we can't be
holding hands cause I was like let's
look serious and like we might fight and
indeed if you look like you are not just
Mike but in the middle of a fight in the
thing so he directed marriage story and
wrote the movie as well yes and then the
two of you have these critically
acclaimed movies that are now in you
know competition in some ways
for an Oscar and all these other rewards
you know I guess in a way in a way I'm
in a way yes in in yes yeah is this
driving a wedge between the two of you
as evidence in this photo we did have to
check with each other about because
we've you know vote also for in these
things right yeah is that how it works
you rank with which one you think is
number one that's right
and what would did you each put the
others movie first nope I admire your
honesty
the worst-case scenario would be you put
your movie first and he also put your
movie first yes now this is a really I
hope there's not embarrassing to you but
this is for The Hollywood Reporter
somebody it's not the photo and tweeted
this says girl way wins the prize for
the first a Lister to actually take her
seat inside there you are just sitting
alone at the Golden Globes are you
always early times and no yes I was two
hours early to this empty banquet hall
and I was but because no what I was
actually not nominated my actor my
brilliant actress Saoirse Ronan was
nominated for humans by composer
Alexandre spot was nominated for his
work but I was not nominated by I was
there to support no one and he was doing
all this press but I was just there
early it's I was in this banquet hall
with no one there and then I saw all the
members of the Hollywood Foreign Press
sort of inside and they all were like we
voted for you and I was like well you
did it
but yeah it's at there alone and then we
had wonderful plant pants meal and I ate
so many people's soups because they were
gonna take them away before people
arrived and I was like I gotta eat all
this it was butternut squash thing okay
[Laughter]
and then yeah but my friend actually
texted that picture to me because
they're following along at home and they
were like yo girl what's happening
really thank goodness you have your
telephone with you I got that is crazy
that's right so the cast as you
mentioned it's a fantastic cast and of
course when you have a cast there's
nobody above Meryl Streep she's at the
top of the every heat she's the queen
Streep on top of the heap and she did
know what is it that when you direct
Meryl Streep and I'm sure you've been
asked many variations of this questions
but do you just is it the same as
directing everyone else in the cast or
is it different
she's Meryl Streep no but it's I mean I
feel like when I was directing her and
and Saoirse Ronan who you saw in the
clip who plays Joe who's just an amazing
actress and the two of them together
they were doing a scene it was her first
day and I was like I was like a parent
chaperone at a middle school dance I was
like not the person who needs to be
there I was like how's it going guys you
guys just go for it
what if Meryl decided like I'm gonna
have a Spanish accent
for there
and that is what well yeah I admire your
honesty and the movies great by the way
it's Little Women it is in theaters now
Greta Gerwig everybody thanks for coming
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box